README.md, before:

# Sunland School of Arts <br> Student - Teacher communication application

# Group Members
- Jennifer Ni
- Patricio Aguilar
- Chin Kuay

---

# Overview
Sunland School has asked us to help them improve a major problem they have: Better Communication between them and the students/parents.

 This project will require at least two applications:
* The Parents/Students side
* The Teachers/School side

---

# Scope
### Parents/Students side

This is the front end, a place where parents or students will be able to login and be presented with any type of news shared by the school. At this moment some of these features will be:

1. **General school information -** _Must Have -_ General school news, alerts, reminders, etc.
2. **Yearly school calendar -** _Must Have -_ Information such as vacations, special events, general activities.
3. **Current Class information -**  _Must Have -_ Based on each students current class work, they should be able to access all this information. They should be able to see every class they are taking, see the grades, submit homework, etc.
4. **Tutorials -** _Between must and Nice to have -_ This is a dedicated page where students can access information regarding the classes they are taking. Maybe interact with other students and ask for tutoring help, look at class videos, find class materials. 
5. **After School Programs -** _Nice to have -_ Present the students with information regarding such events. It should contain things as available programs,  class information, enrollments, schedules, etc. Once a student is enrolled, this should be stored in each student profile. They will then be able to access information regarding the class (grades, alerts, calendar events)
6. **Payment / Invoice Center -** _Bonus -_  This feature will break us away from the competition. A place where parents can securely pay for the tuition and access past payment information would be great to have! 
7. **Transportation news -** _Nice to have -_  The school offers private transport, an area dedicated to this would be great. It should contain items such as route updates, alerts, pick up/drop off schedules.
8. **Field Trips -** _Nice to have -_  The school organizes different trips through the year. This section needs to have field trip information, dates, ways to RSVP. After RSVP’d it should be displayed on the calendar. 
9. **School Store -** _Nice to have -_ A custom store would be awesome! Items that can be sold here include books, arts, school merchandise, etc. 
10. **Others -** the school might request to add new features in the future, as long as all the above have been completed first.  


### Teacher/School side

This is the back end controlled by the school. It will be the place where school staff will upload relevant information for the parents/students to view. It should contain the following:

1. **Database -** A separate form with a database schema will be created indicating all the fields that are needed. In general it should contain; parent information and  student information
2. **Calendar -** Admin staff needs a way of uploading different calendar events updating the specific calendars accordingly. (General Calendar, Classroom Calendar, Field Trips, Transportation, etc)
3. **Notifications/Alerts -** Section where the admin staff will send general updates/ alerts

---

[Link to Sunland's website](https://www.sunland.mx/) 

---
### Applications used: 
1. Node
2. Express
3. Sequelize
4. Bootstrap

---
### API's used:
1. Vimeo

Commit message:

removing Chin from project, adding change password buttons to dashboards

README.md, after:

# Sunland School of Arts <br> Student - Teacher communication application

# Group Members
- Jennifer Ni 
- Patricio Aguilar

---

# Overview
Sunland School has asked us to help them improve a major problem they have: Better Communication between them and the students/parents.

 This project will require at least two applications:
* The Parents/Students side
* The Teachers/School side

---

# Scope
### Parents/Students side

This is the front end, a place where parents or students will be able to login and be presented with any type of news shared by the school. At this moment some of these features will be:

1. **General school information -** _Must Have -_ General school news, alerts, reminders, etc.
2. **Yearly school calendar -** _Must Have -_ Information such as vacations, special events, general activities.
3. **Current Class information -**  _Must Have -_ Based on each students current class work, they should be able to access all this information. They should be able to see every class they are taking, see the grades, submit homework, etc.
4. **Tutorials -** _Between must and Nice to have -_ This is a dedicated page where students can access information regarding the classes they are taking. Maybe interact with other students and ask for tutoring help, look at class videos, find class materials. 
5. **After School Programs -** _Nice to have -_ Present the students with information regarding such events. It should contain things as available programs,  class information, enrollments, schedules, etc. Once a student is enrolled, this should be stored in each student profile. They will then be able to access information regarding the class (grades, alerts, calendar events)
6. **Payment / Invoice Center -** _Bonus -_  This feature will break us away from the competition. A place where parents can securely pay for the tuition and access past payment information would be great to have! 
7. **Transportation news -** _Nice to have -_  The school offers private transport, an area dedicated to this would be great. It should contain items such as route updates, alerts, pick up/drop off schedules.
8. **Field Trips -** _Nice to have -_  The school organizes different trips through the year. This section needs to have field trip information, dates, ways to RSVP. After RSVP’d it should be displayed on the calendar. 
9. **School Store -** _Nice to have -_ A custom store would be awesome! Items that can be sold here include books, arts, school merchandise, etc. 
10. **Others -** the school might request to add new features in the future, as long as all the above have been completed first.  


### Teacher/School side

This is the back end controlled by the school. It will be the place where school staff will upload relevant information for the parents/students to view. It should be divided into two pages: Teacher and Admin.

They should contain the following:

1. **Database -** A separate form with a database schema will be created indicating all the fields that are needed. In general it should contain; parent information and  student information
2. **Calendar -** Admin staff needs a way of uploading different calendar events updating the specific calendars accordingly. (General Calendar, Classroom Calendar, Field Trips, Transportation, etc)
3. **Notifications/Alerts -** Section where the admin staff will send general updates/ alerts

---

[Link to Sunland's website](https://www.sunland.mx/) 

---
### Applications used: 
1. Node
2. Express
3. Sequelize
4. Bootstrap

---
### API's used:
1. Vimeo

---
### New Technologies
1. Full Calendar
